[15.0][IMP] auditlog: dedicated security groups for model access (#2448)
OCA/server-tools: auditlog/readme/USAGE.rst

`Auto-vacuum audit logs` entry:

.. image:: ../static/description/autovacuum.png

> There are two possible groups configured to which one may belong. The first
> is group_auditlog_user. This group has read-only rights to auditlog. The second
> is the group_auditlog_manager. This has the same rights as the group_auditlog_user,
> but extended with Create, Update, Delete to CRUD.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two possible groups configured to which one may belong. The first
is the Auditlog User group. This group has read-only access to the auditlogs of
individual records through the `View Logs` action. The second group is the
Auditlog Manager group. This group additionally has the right to configure the
auditlog configuration rules.
```
